Master, please rest early.
Sister Chen, do you also think I am selfish and narcissistic?
How can the young master be a selfish person?
If the young master hadn't saved our family
My son has long been ill and died
But some people think so
Otherwise he won't go
Are you talking about Miss Mu?
Did the young master find him?
I found it, but he seems to hate me
Sister Chen, tell me the truth
I really have nothing but money
Isn't there any advantage?
The young master is sometimes a bit selfish and domineering
You said so, that's it, but it's okay
I decided to bring him back.
Hey, young master, where are you going so late?
today
The assistant gave me the address of their home
I'll go find him.
Mr. Chen, maybe they are just good friends
What a good friend
Close to midnight ashes
Mr. Chen, if you want to recover Miss Mu
You have to learn to be gentle
Now girls like to be gentle
How gentle
You learn songs, Professor Yang Chuan
Professors, thank you for sending me back. It's cold
I caught a cold when I went back tonight.
I know it's cold.
And let Squeak stand here for so long
I remember.
How did you know I was on a business trip?
You got someone to follow me again?
Why can he know that I can't?
But he never interfered with me.
Professor Ke, I'm going back first
What on earth am I not doing well enough?
Chen Junnan, what are you doing?
Dare to bully my sister
Mr. Chen, what are you doing?